# This is the CMakeCache file.
# For build in directory: /Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build
# It was generated by CMake: /Applications/CMake.app/Contents/bin/cmake
# You can edit this file to change values found and used by cmake.
# If you do not want to change any of the values, simply exit the editor.
# If you do want to change a value, simply edit, save, and exit the editor.
# The syntax for the file is as follows:
# KEY:TYPE=VALUE
# KEY is the name of a variable in the cache.
# TYPE is a hint to GUIs for the type of VALUE, DO NOT EDIT TYPE!.
# VALUE is the current value for the KEY.

########################
# EXTERNAL cache entries
########################

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_AR:FILEPATH=/Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Toolchains/XcodeDefault.xctoolchain/usr/bin/ar

//Choose the type of build, options are: None(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS or
// CMAKE_C_FLAGS used) Debug Release RelWithDebInfo MinSizeRel.
CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE:STRING=Release

//Enable/Disable color output during build.
CMAKE_COLOR_MAKEFILE:BOOL=ON

//CXX compiler
CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER:FILEPATH=/Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Toolchains/XcodeDefault.xctoolchain/usr/bin/c++

//Flags used by the compiler during all build types.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the compiler during debug builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=-g

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds for minimum
// size.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=-Os -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=-O3 -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds with debug info.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=-O2 -g -DNDEBUG

//C compiler
CMAKE_C_COMPILER:FILEPATH=/Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Toolchains/XcodeDefault.xctoolchain/usr/bin/cc

//Flags used by the compiler during all build types.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the compiler during debug builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=-g

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds for minimum
// size.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=-Os -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=-O3 -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds with debug info.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=-O2 -g -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the linker.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=

//Enable/Disable output of compile commands during generation.
CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS:BOOL=OFF

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_INSTALL_NAME_TOOL:FILEPATH=/usr/bin/install_name_tool

//Install path prefix, prepended onto install directories.
CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX:PATH=/usr/local

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_LINKER:FILEPATH=/Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Toolchains/XcodeDefault.xctoolchain/usr/bin/ld

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM:FILEPATH=/usr/bin/make

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of modules.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_NM:FILEPATH=/Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Toolchains/XcodeDefault.xctoolchain/usr/bin/nm

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_OBJCOPY:FILEPATH=CMAKE_OBJCOPY-NOTFOUND

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_OBJDUMP:FILEPATH=CMAKE_OBJDUMP-NOTFOUND

//Build architectures for OSX
CMAKE_OSX_ARCHITECTURES:STRING=

//Minimum OS X version to target for deployment (at runtime); newer
// APIs weak linked. Set to empty string for default value.
CMAKE_OSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET:STRING=

//The product will be built against the headers and libraries located
// inside the indicated SDK.
CMAKE_OSX_SYSROOT:PATH=/Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Platforms/MacOSX.platform/Developer/SDKs/MacOSX10.11.sdk

//Value Computed by CMake
CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME:STATIC=aws-sdk-cpp-all

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_RANLIB:FILEPATH=/Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Toolchains/XcodeDefault.xctoolchain/usr/bin/ranlib

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of dll's.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=

//If set, runtime paths are not added when installing shared libraries,
// but are added when building.
CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH:BOOL=NO

//If set, runtime paths are not added when using shared libraries.
CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH:BOOL=NO

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of static libraries.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_STRIP:FILEPATH=/Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Toolchains/XcodeDefault.xctoolchain/usr/bin/strip

//If this value is on, makefiles will be generated without the
// .SILENT directive, and all commands will be echoed to the console
// during the make.  This is useful for debugging only. With Visual
// Studio IDE projects all commands are done without /nologo.
CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE:BOOL=FALSE

//Git command line client
GIT_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=/usr/bin/git

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-access-management_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-access-management

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-access-management_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-cognito-identity;general;aws-cpp-sdk-iam;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-access-management_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-access-management

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-acm_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-acm

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-acm_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-acm_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-acm

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-apigateway_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-apigateway

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-apigateway_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-apigateway_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-apigateway

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-autoscaling_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-autoscaling

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-autoscaling_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-autoscaling_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-autoscaling

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-cloudformation_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-cloudformation

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-cloudformation_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-cloudformation_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-cloudformation

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-cloudfront_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-cloudfront

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-cloudfront_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-cloudfront_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-cloudfront

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-cloudhsm_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-cloudhsm

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-cloudhsm_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-cloudhsm_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-cloudhsm

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-cloudsearch_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-cloudsearch

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-cloudsearch_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-cloudsearch_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-cloudsearch

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-cloudsearchdomain_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-cloudsearchdomain

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-cloudsearchdomain_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-cloudsearchdomain_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-cloudsearchdomain

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-cloudtrail_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-cloudtrail

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-cloudtrail_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-cloudtrail_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-cloudtrail

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-codecommit_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-codecommit

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-codecommit_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-codecommit_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-codecommit

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-codedeploy_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-codedeploy

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-codedeploy_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-codedeploy_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-codedeploy

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-codepipeline_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-codepipeline

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-codepipeline_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-codepipeline_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-codepipeline

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-cognito-identity_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-cognito-identity

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-cognito-identity_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-cognito-identity_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-cognito-identity

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-cognito-sync_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-cognito-sync

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-cognito-sync_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-cognito-sync_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-cognito-sync

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-cognitoidentity-integration-tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-cognitoidentity-integration-tests

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-cognitoidentity-integration-tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-cognitoidentity-integration-tests

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-config_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-config

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-config_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-config_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-config

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-core-tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-core-tests

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-core-tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-core-tests

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-core_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-core

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-core_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;pthread;general;curl;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-core_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-core

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-datapipeline_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-datapipeline

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-datapipeline_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-datapipeline_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-datapipeline

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-devicefarm_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-devicefarm

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-devicefarm_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-devicefarm_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-devicefarm

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-directconnect_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-directconnect

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-directconnect_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-directconnect_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-directconnect

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-dms_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-dms

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-dms_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-dms_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-dms

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-ds_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-ds

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-ds_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-ds_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-ds

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-dynamodb-integration-tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-dynamodb-integration-tests

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-dynamodb-integration-tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-dynamodb-integration-tests

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-dynamodb_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-dynamodb

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-dynamodb_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-dynamodb_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-dynamodb

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-ec2_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-ec2

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-ec2_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-ec2_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-ec2

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-ecr_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-ecr

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-ecr_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-ecr_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-ecr

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-ecs_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-ecs

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-ecs_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-ecs_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-ecs

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-elasticache_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-elasticache

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-elasticache_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-elasticache_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-elasticache

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-elasticbeanstalk_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-elasticbeanstalk

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-elasticbeanstalk_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-elasticbeanstalk_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-elasticbeanstalk

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-elasticfilesystem_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-elasticfilesystem

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-elasticfilesystem_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-elasticfilesystem_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-elasticfilesystem

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-elasticloadbalancing_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-elasticloadbalancing

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-elasticloadbalancing_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-elasticloadbalancing_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-elasticloadbalancing

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-elasticmapreduce_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-elasticmapreduce

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-elasticmapreduce_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-elasticmapreduce_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-elasticmapreduce

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-elastictranscoder_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-elastictranscoder

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-elastictranscoder_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-elastictranscoder_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-elastictranscoder

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-email_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-email

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-email_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-email_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-email

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-es_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-es

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-es_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-es_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-es

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-events_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-events

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-events_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-events_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-events

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-firehose_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-firehose

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-firehose_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-firehose_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-firehose

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-gamelift_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-gamelift

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-gamelift_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-gamelift_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-gamelift

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-glacier_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-glacier

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-glacier_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-glacier_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-glacier

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-iam_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-iam

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-iam_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-iam_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-iam

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-identity-management-tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-identity-management-tests

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-identity-management-tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-identity-management-tests

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-identity-management_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-identity-management

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-identity-management_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-cognito-identity;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-identity-management_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-identity-management

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-importexport_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-importexport

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-importexport_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-importexport_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-importexport

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-inspector_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-inspector

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-inspector_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-inspector_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-inspector

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-iot_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-iot

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-iot_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-iot_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-iot

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-kinesis_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-kinesis

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-kinesis_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-kinesis_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-kinesis

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-kms_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-kms

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-kms_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-kms_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-kms

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-lambda-integration-tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-lambda-integration-tests

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-lambda-integration-tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-lambda-integration-tests

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-lambda_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-lambda

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-lambda_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-lambda_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-lambda

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-logs_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-logs

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-logs_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-logs_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-logs

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-machinelearning_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-machinelearning

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-machinelearning_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-machinelearning_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-machinelearning

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-marketplacecommerceanalytics_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-marketplacecommerceanalytics

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-marketplacecommerceanalytics_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-marketplacecommerceanalytics_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-marketplacecommerceanalytics

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-meteringmarketplace_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-meteringmarketplace

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-meteringmarketplace_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-meteringmarketplace_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-meteringmarketplace

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-mobileanalytics_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-mobileanalytics

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-mobileanalytics_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-mobileanalytics_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-mobileanalytics

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-monitoring_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-monitoring

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-monitoring_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-monitoring_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-monitoring

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-opsworks_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-opsworks

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-opsworks_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-opsworks_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-opsworks

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-queues_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-queues

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-queues_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-sqs;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-queues_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-queues

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-rds_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-rds

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-rds_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-rds_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-rds

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-redshift_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-redshift

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-redshift_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-redshift_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-redshift

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-route53_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-route53

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-route53_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-route53_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-route53

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-route53domains_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-route53domains

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-route53domains_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-route53domains_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-route53domains

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-s3-integration-tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-s3-integration-tests

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-s3-integration-tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-s3-integration-tests

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-s3_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-s3

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-s3_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-s3_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-s3

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-sdb_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-sdb

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-sdb_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-sdb_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-sdb

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-sns_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-sns

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-sns_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-sns_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-sns

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-sqs-integration-tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-sqs-integration-tests

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-sqs-integration-tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-sqs-integration-tests

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-sqs_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-sqs

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-sqs_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-sqs_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-sqs

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-ssm_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-ssm

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-ssm_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-ssm_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-ssm

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-storagegateway_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-storagegateway

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-storagegateway_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-storagegateway_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-storagegateway

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-sts_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-sts

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-sts_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-sts_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-sts

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-support_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-support

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-support_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-support_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-support

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-swf_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-swf

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-swf_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-swf_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-swf

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-transfer-integration-tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-transfer-tests

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-transfer-integration-tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-transfer-tests

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-transfer_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-transfer

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-transfer_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-s3;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-transfer_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-transfer

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-waf_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-waf

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-waf_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-waf_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-waf

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-workspaces_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/aws-cpp-sdk-workspaces

//Dependencies for the target
aws-cpp-sdk-workspaces_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-cpp-sdk-workspaces_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/aws-cpp-sdk-workspaces

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-sdk-cpp-all_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build

//Value Computed by CMake
aws-sdk-cpp-all_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp

//Value Computed by CMake
testing-resources_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build/testing-resources

//Dependencies for the target
testing-resources_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;aws-cpp-sdk-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
testing-resources_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp/testing-resources


########################
# INTERNAL cache entries
########################

//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_AR
CMAKE_AR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//This is the directory where this CMakeCache.txt was created
CMAKE_CACHEFILE_DIR:INTERNAL=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp-build
//Major version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_MAJOR_VERSION:INTERNAL=3
//Minor version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_MINOR_VERSION:INTERNAL=5
//Patch version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_PATCH_VERSION:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_COLOR_MAKEFILE
CMAKE_COLOR_MAKEFILE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to CMake executable.
CMAKE_COMMAND:INTERNAL=/Applications/CMake.app/Contents/bin/cmake
//Path to cpack program executable.
CMAKE_CPACK_COMMAND:INTERNAL=/Applications/CMake.app/Contents/bin/cpack
//Path to ctest program executable.
CMAKE_CTEST_COMMAND:INTERNAL=/Applications/CMake.app/Contents/bin/ctest
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER
CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_COMPILER
CMAKE_C_COMPILER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS
CMAKE_C_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to cache edit program executable.
CMAKE_EDIT_COMMAND:INTERNAL=/Applications/CMake.app/Contents/bin/ccmake
//Executable file format
CMAKE_EXECUTABLE_FORMAT:INTERNAL=Unknown
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS
CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Name of external makefile project generator.
CMAKE_EXTRA_GENERATOR:INTERNAL=
//Name of generator.
CMAKE_GENERATOR:INTERNAL=Unix Makefiles
//Name of generator platform.
CMAKE_GENERATOR_PLATFORM:INTERNAL=
//Name of generator toolset.
CMAKE_GENERATOR_TOOLSET:INTERNAL=
//Source directory with the top level CMakeLists.txt file for this
// project
CMAKE_HOME_DIRECTORY:INTERNAL=/Users/srrajeev/Documents/workspace/aws-sdk-cpp
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_INSTALL_NAME_TOOL
CMAKE_INSTALL_NAME_TOOL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_LINKER
CMAKE_LINKER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM
CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_NM
CMAKE_NM-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//number of local generators
CMAKE_NUMBER_OF_MAKEFILES:INTERNAL=80
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_OBJCOPY
CMAKE_OBJCOPY-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_OBJDUMP
CMAKE_OBJDUMP-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_RANLIB
CMAKE_RANLIB-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to CMake installation.
CMAKE_ROOT:INTERNAL=/Applications/CMake.app/Contents/share/cmake-3.5
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH
CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH
CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STRIP
CMAKE_STRIP-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//uname command
CMAKE_UNAME:INTERNAL=/usr/bin/uname
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE
CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Details about finding Git
FIND_PACKAGE_MESSAGE_DETAILS_Git:INTERNAL=[/usr/bin/git][v2.6.4 (Apple Git-63)()]
//ADVANCED property for variable: GIT_EXECUTABLE
GIT_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1

